TokenX: Loginservice er støttet. Claims for ikke-standard informasjon. (#178)
nais/doc: docs/security/auth/tokenx.md

* You have a _subject token_ in the form of an `access_token` issued by one of the following providers:
    - [ID-porten](idporten.md)
    - Tokendings

>     - [Loginservice](https://doc.nais.io/legacy/sunset/#loginservice) (Remember that loginservice is a legacy system. TokenX accept their tokens to ease migration away from on-prem.)

Reviewer: Should use a relative link here that'll be easier to catch when refactoring.

Author: Har oppdatert til å bruke relativ sti. Ser ut som markdown-en deres også støtter lenker direkte til andre markdown-filer, som formodentlig blir oversatt når det konverteres til HTML. Vet ikke hva slags markdown-system dere bruker, så hadde vært best om dere bare oppdaterer lenken selv hvis dere ønsker det annerledes enn det jeg endret det til.

Other claims in the token are passed on verbatim from the original token issued by `idp`.

The claim used for the national identity number (_fødselsnummer_) varies from issuer to issuer. For instance: ID-porten use `pid`, loginservice use `sub`. The situation may be similar for other kinds of information with no standard claim name. TokenX does not try to unify this kind of information — claims are copied verbatim as described above.

> To extract such non-standard information from tokens, you must figure out which claim is used by each of the issuers that TokenX accept tokens from. And in your code, you must first use `idp` to look up the correct claim for that specific token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To extract such non-standard information from tokens, first use the `idp` claim to find the original token issuer. You can then map the original issuer's preferred claims to the claims in tokens issued by TokenX.
```
